Show read only field by access in admin ui (#2258)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/blue-ways-work.md

---
'@keystonejs/app-admin-ui': minor
'@keystonejs/field-content': minor
'@keystonejs/fields-markdown': minor
'@keystonejs/fields-wysiwyg-tinymce': minor
'@keystonejs/fields': minor
'@keystonejs/cypress-project-access-control': patch
---

> * Added `isReadOnly` option on field's `adminConfig`. This allows to show them as disabled in `admin-ui` item detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `isReadOnly` option on field's `adminConfig`. Fields with this option set will be excluded from the `create` form, and set as disabled in the `update` form in the Admin UI.
```

> * This PR also enables you to see the fields (disabled) in item detail page when you have no `update` access to field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the item detail page to include fields with access `{ update: false }` in a disabled state, rather than excluded the form.
```

> example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```
